Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded, responsible, thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money system, institute complete automation, and destroy the male sex. 
The male is a biological accident: the Y (male) gene is an incomplete X (female) gene, that is, has an incomplete set of chromosomes. In other words, the male is an incomplete female, a walking abortion, aborted at the gene stage. To be male is to be deficient, emotionally limited; maleness is a deficiency disease and males are emotional cripples. 
He [the male] is trapped in a twilight zone halfway between humans and apes, and is far worse off than the apes because, unlike the apes, he is capable of a large array of negative feelings - hate, jealousy, contempt, disgust, guilt, shame, doubt - and moreover he is aware of what he is and isn't. 
To call a man an animal is to flatter him; he's a machine, a walking dildo. It's often said that men use women. Use them for what? Surely not pleasure. 
Every man, deep down, knows he's a worthless piece of shit... He uses terms like "copulate," "sexual congress," "have relations with", overlaid with stilter manners; the suit on the chimp.
Supply the non-relating male with the delusion of usefullness, and enable him to try to justify his existence by digging holes and filling them up. Leisure time horrifies the male, who will have nothing to do but contemplate on his grotesque self. Unable to relate or to love, the male must work.
Provide the male with a goal. Incapable of enjoying the moment, the male needs something to look forward to, and money provides him with an external, never-ending goal. Just think what you could do with 80 trillion dollars - invest it! And in three years time you'd have 300 trillion dollars!!!
Every boy want to imitate his mother, be her, fuse with her, but Daddy forbids this; he is the mother; he gets to fuse with her. So he tells the boy, sometimes directly, sometimes indirectly, to not be a sissy, to act like a "Man." The boy, scared shitless of and "respecting" his father, complies, and becomes just like Daddy, that model of "Man"-hood, and all-American ideal - the well-behaved heterosexual dullard.
The effect of fathers, in sum, has been to corrode the world with maleness. The male has a negative Midas touch - everything he touches turns to shit.
Fatherhood and Mental Illness
... the female function is to relate, groove, love, and be herself, irreplaceable by anyone else; the male function is to produce sperm. We now have sperm banks.
Suppression of Individuality, Animalism, and Functionalism
A true community consists of individuals - not mere species members, not couples - respecting each other's individuality and privacy, at the same time interacting with each other mentally and emotionally - free spirits in free relation to each other - and cooperating with each other to achieve common ends. Traditionalists say the basic unit of "society" is the family; "hippies" say the tribe; no one says the individual.
There's no reason why a society consisting of rational beings capable of empathizing with each other, complete and having no natural reason to compete, should have a government, laws, or leaders.
Life in a "society" made by and for creatures who, when they are not grim and depressing are utter bores, can only be, when not grim and depresing, an utter bore.
The male likes death - it excites him sexually and, already dead inside, he wants to die.
If SCUM ever marches, it will be over the President's stupid, sickening face; if SCUM ever strikes, it will be in the dark with a six-inch blade. 